That's all folks!
Test Leads - Where are they leading you to ?
Hot ! Coffee Mug Story and Testing Lessons
Technology that failed in India ( Testing Bowl of the world )
Google talk(ed) to me / How to support a bug report ?
Pandavas and their testing skills ! ( of course my own )
Tester tested in interview(s) !
Start ! 10 minutes later "A good start"
Tools that slow you at work !
Yahoo Messenger ! Missed Feature ?
Testers who burnt their ears !
Are you a Tester or Toolsmith ?
Sir Thomas Alva Edison - The First Tester !
Tester in Toilet !
Monkey Tester and Peanuts !
Bug Bugger Buggest !
Dinosaur Egg - Testing
Hiring Virus for Testing !
Learnings from crash test dummies !
Why Testing failed in a freshers mind ?
Intel-igent Testers !
Why do you need to be a Tester? Wherever you are …
Bird eye view !
We Model Testing
Testing – Testing Indian Testers
Tested for James Bond !
How to prepare before a war (bug hunt) ?
How do you explain testing to your children ?
Prepaid bugs !
Where can you find the best testers of the world ?
Wild Wild Test !
Manual Testing  -  no more a shit job !
Tester in wonderland !
Learning Testing from Japanese Fishermen
Are  Experienced Software Testers Testing their own CV / Profile / Resume?
Testing like Osama
Programmer Tester V/s Non Programmer Tester
Where excited testers go wrong?
Every software tester should become a good developer of test ideas
Time for Indian testers to be very proud
Are you the good tester ISRO needs?
Gold mines opening up for Indian Testers
Lessons learnt from Junior Testers
Self critique your testing skills
The first customer is always a tester
Million questions a tester should ask
The bugs within a tester
Why cant you test without documents?
Being a tester V/s Working as a tester
Test your interviewer
The man who inspired me through his notes
Injustice to testers - I fight
Answering the telephone puzzle
Testing puzzle at office
Test your e-mail
Indian testing community - start blogging!
Test Consulting in 2007 by Tester Tested!
Yahoo! we crashed the Messenger
First attempt at Test Consulting : An experience report
Know what you are asked to test - Audio podcast
Are you one among the lucky 20 testers of the world?
Rapid answers to rapid fire situations a tester faces
Indian testers STEALING a testers creativity - STOP THEM
The tester who tested his testers
A study on Test Coaching in India
Walking along Testers Street!
Meet Michael Bolton in Bangalore Tester Meet
Testing treasure for free
Testing exercises, found everywhere
I AM SATISFICED
There is no four and six in testing!
Tester Developer Relations - A study based on Indian context
A tester's screen saver
Bugs and emotions
Mixing Scripted and Exploratory Testing
The 2 hour Mirchi Test Masala
Braidy Tester interviews Tester Tested
The negatives of "negative testing"
FAQ's to my rescue
Exercises that exercise a testers mind - Workshop
Letter from India
Tester Tested interviews Braidy Tester
Developers Developed by Tester Tested
Shore, Offshore!
Curiosity (,s)kills (and) bad testers
Let the context drive and yet you be the chauffer
Why is testing monotonous? The unspoken truth!
Becoming a developer, who is less disturbed by a tester ( in 3 pages)
A Tester's Personal Bug Diary & Notes
A good tester clears traps. Who are you?
Apology to my dearmost readers
How does Testing look from the eyes of Tester Tested?
The story of a monk who sold bugs!
Pradeep fails BBST & continues to seek the Holy Grail
Notes from spying test experts
Mother Nature - A teacher of all good testers
Learning & On demand lectures & Challenging the challengers
Test Case Passed! Who cares?
The most challenging software testing quiz online
Tester Tested! coming soon to your city
How to show product quality? - (Uncensored Version)
E go U go I go of U and I
Ants solve problems that testers struggle to!
Jony Jony, Yes Papa! Following Process, Yes Papa! Telling Lies, Ha ha ha!
Second time, a company in India wants to hire testers in a non traditional way
Great testing stories from India (Created by Not Following Any "Best Practices")
"If you can see it in your mind, you will find it in your life" -- Scott Barber
Progress Report 2007 of Pradeep Soundararajan
The Bangalore Roti Curry! Now comes with free* testing lessons
Educating customers on testing
Schools of testing, Test experts, and Blood bath - Why do they exist?
Graphology, Music, Chess, Cooking, Drawing and becoming a better tester
Automation replaces humans - The truth about what kind of humans it replaces
Using "testing" || Abusing "testing"
Reduce Reuse Recycle
It's a "tester" who finds a bug, even with the robust Google Search
The (bad) state of software testing interviews in India
Letter to myself
Most test cases fail
Heroes of software testing - Do you know about them and their work?
Happy testing and Sad Testing
Testing to avoid being sued or embarrased
Exploratory Software Testing Demonstration Videos
Testing the number of years of software testing experience
Your search for Bug Free Software ends here
Grammy Award for Michael Bolton and others
Rating testers based on number of bugs they find - It's definitely possible
Hands on software testing training - Change we need!
Learning to test better by teaching testing
Progress Report 2008 :: Pradeep Soundararajan
Karnataka state missing from official Indian government website
Excerpts from participants work - Practical Hands on Software Testing Training
Audio Podcast :: What Software Testing Could Be?
Checkmate heuristic :: A security testing attack
Bangalore Workshop on Software Testing - BWST - 1
Change in hiring and interviewing process in India for software testing and software testers
Testing Experience Magazine : The voice of ISTQB
Collection of Notes & Experiences: Bangalore Workshop on Software Testing 1
Video : Against Best Practices in Software Testing :: Oredev 08
Why good software testers should come out of the well?
Attractive professions and software testing
Secrets of a Buccaneer Scholar : Free Download Limited Period
Testers & Blocks Consulting - Puzzle 1
Bangalore Weekend Testers: Fun, Learn & Contribute
Traditional Software Testing Process - The cash cow demystified
Approaches for interviewing in software testing - Book Kickoff & Launch of Interviews & Jobs portal
Title 1: Investment plans for software testers. Title 2: Michael Bolton RST training in India
Testers & Blocks Consulting - Puzzle 2
Weekend Testing : 16 : Test and Experience Report
Rahul Verma on Fuzzing for software testers : Nov 23, 2009
Why testers need to learn to write code that works?
Black Viper Testing Technique
Test effort estimation: Getting it wrong before getting it right
Coaching testers on Bug Reports, Advocacy & Credibility
Finding Nemo Answers: Shmuel, William & Bangladesh Testers
Follow your own style
Bangalore Workshop on Software Testing - 2 on 3rd April
Progress Report 2009 : Pradeep Soundararajan
Test coverage : Life beyond functionality
Experience Report : BWST 2
Saving your job versus speaking truth
Experience report of testing versus checking
Usability of usability & performance of performance
Tour of being an independent test consultant
Heart of a tester
What is our competition on?
BPO / Support / Call Center / Homemaker to Software Testing
The domain particle
Help Chandru to live his testing dreams
Software testing black swan bites cause pain
News - Moolya Software Testing Private Limited launched
Are there any software testing blogs from Indians that are really Indian?
Future of Indian software testing looks safe
Who is making software testers, dumb and bad?
Story of how a hang becomes a crash (because testers love reporting crashes)
the 5 years of blogging as Tester Tested
Three new good things about Indian testers
Who do you think is the legend behind the success of all these leading testers?
Evolving styles & small "e" exploratory testing
